{|
  | '''Warning'''
  * This is a '''readonly''' and '''text-based''' archive of a deprecated wiki.
  * '''Images''' and '''attachments''' have been removed to conserve space.
  * '''Links''' may not work and there may be formatting issues.
  * A '''compressed''' version with images and the original syntax is in the repo '''Releases'''.
|}

__TOC__

=== Meeting ===
* '''Who''': SecurityTeam
* '''When''': Mon July 31st 2017 16:32 UTC
* '''End''': 16:46 UTC
* '''Where''': #ubuntu-meeting on irc.freenode.net
* '''Chaired By''': Tyler Hicks (tyhicks)

=== Attendance ===
* jdstrand
* mdeslaur
* sbeattie
* tyhicks
* jjohansen
* sarnold
* leosilva

=== Not present ===
* ratliff
* chrisccoulson

=== Agenda ===
* Announcements
** None
* Weekly stand-up report (each member discusses any pending and planned future work for the week)
** jdstrand
** take outputs from the sprint and integrate them into trello, do follow-ups, etc
** be responsive to various snappy PRs and feature discussions
*** review the big udev tagging PR
** pick up the wayland interface
** start working through a new (desktop?) interface for gnome-shell, plasma, sway
** mdeslaur
** weekly role: happy place
** imagemagick regression fix
** rabbitmq security updates
** security updates
** sbeattie
** weekly role: happy place
** security updates
*** openjdk-8 regression update
*** openjdk-7
*** pick up others
** embargoed issue
** minor QRT backlog of issues
** tyhicks
** weekly role: community
** respond to feedback regarding seccomp logging patch set
** fscrypt test failure investigation
** fscrypt pam module review and packaging
** familiarize myself with the latest LSM stacking patch set
** jjohansen
** !AppArmor kernel patch upstreaming
*** revising networking/unix socket patches
** investigate 4.13 LSM stacking patches
** IMA namespacing thread
** sarnold
** weekly role: bug triage
** MIRs
*** http-parser
  <pre> comment
** !ChrisCoulson
** prepare rust and cargo updates for future firefox update
** investigate spidermonkey/gjs maintenance plan
*** see how feasible patch backporting is
  </pre>
  <pre> comment
** ratliff
** weekly role: cve triage
** sponsor vlc updates
** sprint prep
** sizing effort and other internal tasks
** Ubuntu Core 15 updates
  </pre>
** leosilva
** publish 12.04 ESM updates
*** apache
*** davfs2
*** pick up others
* Highlighted packages
 The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so. See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved. The highlighted packages for this week are:
** Miscellaneous and Questions
** none

=== Log ===
<pre>
11:32 < tyhicks> #startmeeting
11:33 < mdeslaur> \o
11:33 < tyhicks> no bot today
11:34 < tyhicks> The meeting agenda can be found at:
11:34 < tyhicks> [LINK] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/Meeting
11:34 < tyhicks> [TOPIC] Weekly stand-up report
11:34 < tyhicks> jdstrand: you're up
11:34 < jdstrand> last week I was most busy getting through sprint outcomes and being responsive to snapd PRs. I also ended up being quite busy with several forum topics 
                  related to policy denials
11:34 < jdstrand> this week I plan to:
11:34 < jdstrand> - be responsive to snapd PRs
11:34 < jdstrand> - review the big udev tagging PR
11:34 < jdstrand> - pick up the wayland interface
11:34 < jdstrand> - start working through a new (desktop?) interface for gnome-shell, plasma, sway
11:34 < jdstrand> that's it from me. mdeslaur, you're up
11:35 < mdeslaur> I'm in the happy place this week again
11:35 < mdeslaur> I'm about to publish an imagemagick regression fix
11:35 < mdeslaur> and I have rabbitmq-server updates to push out

11:35 < mdeslaur> after that, I'll be going down the list, as usual
11:35 < mdeslaur> that's about it
11:35 < mdeslaur> sbeattie: tag, you're it
11:36 < sbeattie> I'm in the happy place this week
11:36 < sbeattie> I have an openjdk-8 regression update to publish
11:36 < sbeattie> and presumably will have an openjdk-7 coming shortly
11:37 < sbeattie> I have an embargoed issue
11:37 < sbeattie> I'll go through the list looking for other issues.
11:37 < sbeattie> I have a minor backlog of qrt issues to go through.
11:37 < sbeattie> that's it for me.
11:37 < sbeattie> tyhicks: over to you
11:38 < tyhicks> I'm on community this week
11:38 < tyhicks> I'll likely be responding to feedback from the seccomp logging kernel patches that I sent out last friday
11:39 < tyhicks> I am going to look at the fscrypt tests that run as part of `make check` to determine which ones are appropriate to run as part of the package build
11:39 < tyhicks> that'll hopefully allow me to upload the fscrypt package to artful
11:39 < tyhicks> then I'll start looking at the PR for pam_fscrypt
11:40 < tyhicks> I still need to familiarize myself with the LSM stacking patch set
11:40 < tyhicks> that's it for me
11:40 < tyhicks> jjohansen: you're up
11:40 < jjohansen> I still working on revising the networking/unix socket patches for upstreaming
11:40 < jjohansen> I need to spend some time looking at the 4.13 LSM stacking patches
11:40 < jjohansen> and I also need to spend some time looking at the IMA namespacing thread
11:41 < jjohansen> that is it for me sarnold you're up
11:41 < sarnold> I'm on bug triage this week; I also hope to review an apparmor patch or two, and run down the MIRs as I can
11:42 < sarnold> that's it for me, I didn't see chris coulson, nor ratliff, so I'm guessing leosilva?
11:42 < leosilva> I worked in some updates last week, found/fixed a davfs2 issue with apache2 update
11:42 < leosilva> today I want to publish them and during the week search for new updates to do
11:42 < leosilva> that is for me.
11:42 < leosilva> tyhicks: it's back toyou
11:43 < tyhicks> thanks
11:43 < tyhicks> [TOPIC] Highlighted packages
11:43 < tyhicks> The Ubuntu Security team will highlight some community-supported packages that might be good candidates for updating and or triaging. If you would like to 
                 help Ubuntu and not sure where to start, this is a great way to do so.
11:43 < tyhicks> See https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/UpdateProcedures for details and if you have any questions, feel free to ask in #ubuntu-security. To find out other 
                 ways of helping out, please see https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/GettingInvolved.
11:43 < tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/atril.html
11:43 < tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libdigidoc.html
11:43 < tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/libjgroups-java.html
11:43 < tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/ldns.html
11:43 < tyhicks> http://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-security/cve/pkg/minizip.html
11:43 < tyhicks> [TOPIC] Miscellaneous and Questions
11:43 < tyhicks> Does anyone have any other questions or items to discuss?
11:46 < tyhicks> jdstrand, mdeslaur, sbeattie, jjohansen, sarnold, leosilva: Thanks!
11:46 < tyhicks> #endmeeting
</pre>
